Hi, I am Jessica Welch and I
am a K to eight visual arts
specialist at Birchmount School.
Hi. My name is Carole Cormier.
I'm also, teacher at Birchmount School,
and I teach grade
seven and eight
French immersion and late immersion.
First intensive French.
And today we're here to discuss,
our visual aid.
And, the benefits of using visual aids
in language learners at our school.
So in my classroom,
it involves a lot of pictures
that go along with steps.
So if I'm asking the students to cut,
we have the visual of the scissors.
And that goes on the board
or I'm flashing.
And when I'm talking about cutting
or underneath my document camera.
And I do a lot of color coding for things
as well in the classroom.
So my red table, they always
put everything in the red folder
and they go to the red section
when they need to grab things.
So it's easier for students to understand
where their belongings go
when they're moving around the classroom.
As well.
Nice. And I'm bumping off that.
I just want to share that
I worked with the early years,
so I was able to take a lot
of my materials from the early years.
Feelings and, like, clothing and,
and the kind of flash cards, big posters
in the classroom with, information.
So that
when I'm discussing in the second language
that, student can look over
if if I'm pointing at a date
on the calendar, I can point to today
and yesterday and tomorrow.
So, the the repetition of,
the discussion, daily discussions
on, on subjects, can be reinforced
so that the student can remember.
again, having a mix of,
French immersion
who started in the early years
and new arrivals, coming to our school,
who are barely speaking English
and having to come in to a French class.
I want to have them engage
as much as possible.
So, using the visuals,
whether it could be even just drawing it
out, you know, if you're if you're
just working in with a small group
on, on certain skills or,
subjects that the need work on,
A lot of it was just realizing that
I didn't want to talk
so much in the classroom, too,
and that they, like,
they didn't need all that language.
They just
they needed to see what they were doing.
And I'm a visual learner.
So I knew that I couldn't handle
hearing all those instructions.
I just needed to see a lot of it
to know what what I was doing.
So I knew when I was doing a drawing
with the class,
with the document camera,
if I'm asking them to pull out
green pastels, well,
I pull out all the green pastels
and put them underneath
so they go, oh, that's what I need to do.
I need to get those out right now.
I don't have to repeat it a lot.
They just look up and see, okay, that's
what I'm doing.
Or they hear the doorbell,
the cue to look at the TV and go, oh,
okay,
I need to do that right now, you know?
So it was just a lot of it
is kind of the way I learned as well.
So I was bringing that into the classroom
for me and for them.
Any tips.
Starts with small start small
because it can be overwhelming to go okay
I need a visual
for absolutely everything in my classroom.
Well no you don't.
And lots of visuals
can be used for different things as well.
You can use the same like a red,
just a red card for
stop or a red curve for your colors,
or a red card for angry.
So those visuals can be used in different
ways, and the students will learn that
as you use them.
So you don't have to start off
with 100 different visuals
that can be overwhelming to